[BLOG] PON! (#201)
pulsar-edit/pulsar-edit.github.io: docs/blog/20230401-confused-Techie-PON.md

---
title: "Meet PON (Pulsar Object Notation)"
author: confused-Techie
date: 2023-04-01
category:
  - dev
tag:
  - joke
---

The release of PON!

<!-- more -->

One day during discussions amoung the Pulsar dev team, we came to the topic of what file types to support for user's config files. While it was mostly a question of how support would go with allowing anything from JSON, JSON5, TOML, YAML, CSON, and anything else we coudl think of, in the end we couldn't agree on a solution.

> We kept finding downsides to every possibility, and concerns for support with so many. So we decided it only made sense, to take the true Atom approch, and create something new.

Reviewer: maybe something like:

```suggestion
We kept finding downsides to every possibility, and concerns for support with so many. So we decided it only made sense, to take the true Atom approch, and reinvent the wheel with an in-house solution.
```

Author: Thank you, couldn't remember what you said previously, but was trying to quote your earlier comment here lol

    <¿--<<An easy to type comment!>>--?>
    10.20.10 ### showOnStartup:= <<unfalse>>
    10.20.20 ### showChangeLog:= <<untrue>>
  ];
];
```

Look at that! As you can see anyone can pick it up without even reading a manual! But if you do need one, make sure to read the full [Specification 1.0.0](https://github.com/confused-Techie/pon/blob/main/spec/1.0.0-specification.md)

As might be expected, PON already has full support in Pulsar!

You can install the syntax highlighting for Pulsar via [Language PON](https://web.pulsar-edit.dev/packages/language-pon) on the Pulsar Package Registry.

Plus by using the JavaScript Module [PON](https://github.com/confused-Techie/pon) we can convert any JSON data into a proper PON object, and read any PON object form the filesystem into a JavaScript Object.

With the above module, we are happy to announce that the next release of Pulsar will automatically convert all configuration files it finds on your system (Not just Pulsar ones) into PON. We are hoping to do this system wide to help increase adoption of PON as a data structure.

So stay tuned for further updates, and when to expect all system files to be converted!

Happy stargazing!

> And also, remember, this is a **joke**. But if you do like PON, the resources above are fully functional and available to use. Happy April Fools everyone.

Reviewer: maybe something like...

```suggestion
Important note: this is a **joke**. But if you do like PON, the resources above are fully functional and available to use. Happy April Fools everyone.
```

should we inject a litl something like this, lol:

```suggestion
And also, remember, this is a **joke**. But if you do like PON (for some reason), the resources above are fully functional and available to use. Happy April Fools everyone.
```
